feat(auth): redirect unauthorised users to mkt website in non-prod envs (#38)
fleek-platform/dashboard: .changeset/green-wasps-agree.md

---
"@fleek-platform/dashboard": minor
---

> unauth'ed users show be redirected to mkt website in non-prod envs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unauthorised users show be redirected to marketing website in non-prod envs
```
